a i'm going to explain a neo-noir film
called sin city spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
the city of basin washington is a cruel
and wretched place home to a collection
of corrupt and tragic stories
prologue the customers always write a
woman stands alone on a building rooftop
with a somber look just then the
salesman dressed in a tuxedo comes by
and flirts with her the woman is
immediately captivated by him and they
even share a kiss
unbeknownst to her the salesman is an
efficient assassin for hire and she is
his latest customer they share an
embrace before he shoots her once with a
silencer he says he will never know what
she was running from but he will cash
her check in the morning part one that
yellow bastard a lone police detective
drives down the road as he mulls over
the events to come down to his last day
on the job while packing a heart
condition in his old age detective
hardigan pushes himself to do one last
thing a sick and twisted killer is out
reveling in his demented hunt his fourth
and latest victim is an 11 year old girl
named nancy callahan hardigan stops the
car to meet with his partner bob he
dissuades hardigan from going after the
child assaulter and serial killer rorke
jr he is after all the son of the most
powerful and corrupt man in the city if
anything happened to his son senator
rourke would have hardigan and bob
killed bob says he'll call for backup
but hardigan plans to go in the
abandoned warehouse himself hardigan
makes his move and creeps behind a
corner to see shlove and klump work
junior's guns while hartigan manages to
knock them both out he starts
experiencing hard pain which has him
lying on the floor still he pulls
himself up and tells himself to prove
that he's still worth something cardigan
enters the warehouse where rorke jr and
several henchmen hold nancy captive once
he's inside the room he shoots down the
henchmen first rourke jr fires a shot
but he only manages a flesh wound rorke
jr tries to escape with nancy in his
arms but winds up on the pier with
nowhere to run hardigan shoots his ear
off leaving him to the ground and nancy
moves to the side of the pier he blows
junior's arm off then his groin so he
could never force himself on anyone
again
just as things seem all clear partigan
is shot several times in the back by his
own partner bob bob shot hardigan to
gain senator rorke's favor and keep
himself safe thinking that he would be
dead hartigan slumps down on the pier
but he takes comfort in knowing that he
was able to save a young girl hardigan
then wakes to find himself in a hospital
bed
several visitors come by among them was
his wife eileen who plans to divorce him
and senator rourke who paid for all his
medical bills intending to keep hardigan
alive to suffer a life of pain hardigan
finds out that he's been framed for
violating nancy and now the whole world
is against him
still he keeps his mouth shut to protect
nancy nancy comes by and tells hardigan
no one believes her even though she says
he saved her hardigan then tells her to
go along with it for her own safety
nancy promises that she'll write to him
every week under the name cordelia eight
years pass hardigan is convicted and the
only thing keeping him going is nancy's
letters hardigan still hasn't confessed
to his charges but senator rourke wants
to take that away from him too one day
nancy's let her stop for two months
until finally he receives an envelope
containing a severed human finger
hardigan goes on a rage and screams in
his cell and that's when everything goes
black for him the next thing he knows a
disfigured man with yellow skin sits in
his jail cell while carrying with him an
imposingly horrid stench the yellow man
hits him and he's knocked out cold the
following day hardigan calls his
attorney lucille and confesses with this
he gets his parole then his freedom from
prison now free hardigan goes to look
for nancy to see if she's safe
after tracking her down to a bar called
katie's he goes there and is surprised
to find that the woman dancing in the
center stage was nancy hartigan realizes
that he was tricked the cut-off finger
was just a bluff and now he's lead the
work goons to nancy from behind him he
sees the yellow man watching his
movements hardigan tries to leave before
nancy realizes who he is but it was too
late when nancy sees hardigan she runs
up embraces him and kisses him now the
yellow man knows what nancy looks like
hartigan tells nancy he's made a mistake
and they have to leave immediately the
two of them get to nancy's car and they
bolt on through the highway eventually
the yellow man catches up to them and
begins to shoot at their car a violent
pursuit ensues as the yellow man
continues to pelt their car with bullets
in a relentless and uncontrolled fashion
hardigan keeps his composure and fires
off one shot that hits straight through
the yellow man's neck his car crashes so
hardigan and nancy step out to confirm
the kill
a few paces away from their vehicle
hardigan spots a trail of blood but no
body the two of them then head on to a
motel to rest on the way there cardigan
remains haunted by the yellow man stanch
the two of them sit next to each other
on the couch in silence
finally nancy tells hartigan that she's
held feelings of love for him all these
years and nancy tries to kiss hardigan
after much hesitation hardigan kisses
nancy back but he stops himself after a
while saying she's just a child and that
it would be wrong
just then the yellow man appears inside
the room he had snuck inside their car
on their way there when they were out
looking for his body he takes hardigan
out and the next thing he knows he's
hung up on a rope with a small table to
keep him aloft the yellow man holds
nancy menacingly and relishes his
victory in front of heart again he
reveals himself to be rorke jr now
horribly disfigured because of the
severe injuries that hardigan caused
furious and hungry for vengeance junior
intends to kill hardike and have his way
with nancy using the new artificial
replacements his father had done on his
groin area hardigan pleads to nancy that
no matter what rorke jr does to her she
mustn't scream
junior kicks down the small table that
kept hardigan suspended leaving him to
choke while he and nancy leave in her
car though he's on the brink of giving
up hardigan pushes himself one last time
to save nancy he smashes the windows
open and takes a broken piece of glass
to cut himself loose moments later
schlub and klump enter hardign's room
expecting to pick up a dead body
hardigan takes them by surprise and
knocks them out but not before getting
them to tell him where nancy and junior
are hardigan sees his schlub and klump's
car and takes their guns before heading
to nancy's location when he gets there
he stealthily uses a knife to take out
the henchmen
meanwhile at the upper deck of the
building junior uses a whip to make
nancy scream but just as hardigan
advised her she kept quiet the whole
time
she then makes fun of junior for being
unable to get aroused without hearing a
scream from his victims just then
hardigan shows up with a pistol in his
hand junior taunts him saying he
probably can't even lift his arm and as
if to prove his point hardigan falls
over in pain from his heart condition
junior laughs and pushes nancy away to
get a better position to stab hardigan
but just as he's about to bring down his
knife on him hartigan looks up and
plunges his knife into junior's stomach
hardigan's trick pays off as he beat
junior into the ground brutally ripping
his groin before finally pummeling his
skull into wet meat when hardigan and
nancy step outside he says goodbye to
nancy and tells her he intends to clear
his name and go for senator rourke nancy
leaves in her car and hardigan decides
that she would be safer if you were dead
without him to mess with rorke will no
longer have any use for nancy hartigan
then takes his gun and shoots himself in
the head
part two the hard goodbye
after a one-night stand with a beautiful
woman named goldie marv is horrified to
find her dead the following morning he
realizes that whoever killed her did it
quietly as she died right there beside
him a few moments later marv hears
police sirens outside the motel room it
doesn't take him long to realize that
the killer is trying to set him up for
the murder the police now at the front
of his door demand him to come out marv
springs into action as he busts down the
door with the two cops flying through
the hallway marv being a hulking
powerhouse of a man completely
overwhelms the heavily armed platoon of
cops he dives down the building and
leaps out a speeding police car aims to
run him down but marv pulls out a drop
kick right into the front window and
beats the two policemen sitting in the
front seat marv takes the car and drives
away
later he visits his parole officer
lucille to receive some medicine for his
mental condition he then goes to his
mother's house to retrieve gladys his
most prized handgun marv leaves and for
the following days he goes out on a
rampage in pursuit of the truth his
trail of blood and bodies eventually
ends at a church with a corrupt priest
the priest reveals that the man behind
it all is cardinal rourke brother to
senator rourke furthermore the priest
gives up the location of their hideout
which is the farm he shoots the corrupt
priest and gets to his car just then a
woman who looked identical to goldie
drives by and runs him over several
times before trying to shoot him the
woman drives off leaving marv rattled at
the farm marv is sneaking about to get a
better look at the area when suddenly a
wolf appears and growls at him refusing
to kill an animal marv tries to calm the
wolf down but it attacks him so marv
knocks it out cold at that moment a
strange man with gleaming eyeglasses
appears from within the farm to attack
marv quick and quiet he uses his sharp
claws to take out marv's vision then
overwhelms him with his swift movements
after noting his elusive actions marv
realizes that this was goldie's killer
the strange man then picks up a mallet
and hits marv in the head knocking him
out marv wakes up to find himself in a
confined room with several women's heads
mounted on the wall like hunting
trophies in the corner of the room he
finds lucille naked left with just one
hand a traumatized lucille tells marv
that the strange man eats the women's
bodies she hells in terror as she
recalls the man eating her hand right in
front of her
moments later marv hangs onto the small
window belt with iron bars on the top of
the room a car drives by and calls for
the strange man by the name of kevin
marv britishly pulls out the entire iron
window right out of the wall the two
exit the room and make their way to the
forest several cops descend from a
helicopter and as marv gets ready for a
fight lucille knocks him out with a rock
thinking that speaking with the police
would be a good idea lucille walks up to
the policeman and tries to reason with
them not realizing they're all corrupt
the tattooed policeman shoots lucille
dead several times with a submachine gun
by the time marv gets back up his feet
he sees lucille's corpse this fuels him
to kill every policeman with a hand axe
with lucille and goldie dead marf sets
out to kill cardinal rourke mark visits
old town after having received
information from lucille beforehand that
goldie was a hooker and if she were a
hooker then that would mean she has
connections in old town it's not long
until he encounters the woman who looked
exactly like goldie the woman greets him
with a nice shot to the head when marv
wakes up he is tied to a chair while
surrounded by the women of old town
including gail and becky
wendy the goldie look alike hits marv
several times
finally she tells marv that she's
goldie's twin sister and she wants him
dead for killing her marv immediately
clears things up with her and when wendy
realizes that he's telling the truth she
opts out of shooting him together marv
and wendy decide to go after goldie's
killer marv returns to the farm with
wendy but he insists on doing this alone
making wendy leave marv then proceeds to
set up traps to catch kevin he throws a
molotov right into the building where
kevin was before it could explode kevin
jumps out the window and runs straight
into the forest to find marv kevin leaps
over the steel wire that marv set up
remaining unrelenting in his pursuit
marv lets kevin dish out his claws and
takes the damage and when he was close
enough marv uses a handcuff to trap
kevin with one cuff attached to kevin
and the other to himself he knocks kevin
out cold wendy then appears and points a
gun at kevin she says she has to be the
one to do him in since he killed her
sister despite her sentiment marv knocks
her unconscious and leaves her in the
car he wants to torture kevin and make
him suffer before he dies
after a while it's revealed that marf
had cut off kevin's arms and legs
leaving him for his pet wolf but the
thing that bothers marv was that kevin
stayed silent even smiling the entire
time he was being tortured
finally when the wolf has had its fill
marr finishes kevin off and cuts his
head marf takes wendy and nancy to keep
her safe nancy is a good friend of marv
ever since he helped keep her safe from
some goons before he then leaves for
cardinal rorke's place where he's more
than able to kill his way into the
cardinals room there he confronts him
about goldie's death the cardinal admits
to it and reveals that he ate kevin's
victims with him to consume their souls
marv kills him but the cops arrived to
shoot marv enough times to hospitalize
him after several months of living
through tubes in the hospital marv is
assaulted by several corrupt policemen
beating him up to get a confession they
intend to incriminate him for the death
of the cardinal and frame him for
kevin's victims marv resists up until
they threaten to hurt his mother stuck
between a rock and a hard place marv
begrudgingly confesses and gets
sentenced to death row before his death
sentence wendy visits him mark
mistakenly calls her goldie and corrects
himself but wendy tells him that he can
call her goldie the two of them lie down
and marv enjoys one last moment of joy
marv is then strapped to an electric
chair to be slain being the ridiculously
resilient beast of a man that marv is
the executioner has to give two full
electric charges before marv could
finally be killed his last thoughts go
out to goldie and the night that they
shared
part three the big fat kill
shelley a barmaid from katie's is being
harassed by her abusive ex-boyfriend
jackie along with his group of thugs
jackie demands that shelley open the
door to let him in inside the room
dwight mccarthy stands next to shelley
telling her to open the door so he could
get rid of them she eventually lets
jackie and his goons in the room while
dwight hides in the bathroom jackie
notices that shelly is wearing a man's
shirt so he hits shelley making her fall
jackie then goes to use the bathroom
unbeknownst to him dwight's hiding from
behind the shower curtain just as he
finishes peeing dwight stands behind him
with a knife to his throat warning him
never to approach shelly again he adds
that jackie made a big mistake by
forgetting to flush the toilet since
dwight would then push his head in the
toilet bowl drowning him in his own
urine jackie passes out for a moment and
when he gains consciousness he searches
the room for dwight but he's already
gone
jackie then leaves with his gang of thux
shelley looks down from her apartment
building to see jackie leaving in his
car with his boys
from the window ledge dwight stands
right next to where shelley was watching
he tells her that jackie is a menace and
has to be stopped just as he is jumping
off the building shelley shouts
something to him but he barely hears it
dwight then rushes to his car and
pursues jackie and his friends
suddenly a police car appears from
behind dwight and he starts feeling
nervous he mulls over whether he should
bribe the cop or not but before he could
decide the police move past him and
follow jackie's car jackie and his
friends are alarmed by the cops so
jackie who's on the wheel decides to
move straight into old town as they
enter old town territory the police car
immediately turns back the women in old
town and the police have an unwritten
agreement not to mess with each other
considering it's more beneficial for
both parties jackie immediately gets in
trouble in old town when he spots becky
a young streetwalker walking home from
her day shift becky rejects jackie
saying she's already tired and that she
wants to go home
still jackie remains insistent and
begins to behave ridley towards her
dwight follows by closely then takes out
his gun but just as he was about to move
closer he is stopped by gail his
ex-lover and old town's authority gail
tells him everything is under control
and that she and the women of old town
have been watching jackie ever since
they entered it's then revealed that
there are women on top of the rooftops
with weapons in their hands one of them
is mijo an asian woman skilled in
martial arts and dual sword wielding
eventually jackie finally goes too far
when he pulls out a gun on becky
prompting miho to assassinate all four
of jackie's friends swiftly finally miho
moves in on jackie taunting him dwight
intervenes and tells jackie to give up
since he has no chance mijo shoots a
dart into jackie's gun's barrel while
dwight was talking to him refusing to
listen to him jackie decides to shoot
his gun and the barrel fires back
straight into his forehead with jackie
dizzy and dying he sits down as miho
takes the killing blow dwight and the
women of old town then start to clean up
the corpses among the items that they
retrieved from the bodies was a police
badge from that they discovered that
jackie was a policeman this is a big
issue because if the cops learn that
jackie died their truce with the
prostitutes will end and the mob would
be free to wage war on old town this is
when dwight volunteers to take the
bodies to the tar pits to stop the
impending consequences gail argues
against dwight's plan at first but she
soon lets him before heading to the tar
pits becky tells gayle she'll be heading
home
gail advises her not to call her mother
since it would be risky to do so in
their situation
later on becky makes the call anyway
dwight then heads out to the tar pits to
dump the bodies but suddenly a group of
mercenaries hired by mob boss while in
quest shoots him in the chest
at the same time gail gets abducted by
wallenquist and gets taken to their base
back at the tar pits dwight manages to
survive the gunshot since he had
jackie's police badge in his chest
pocket dwight then quickly shoots down
the mercenaries but a grenade is tossed
from behind him this sends him into the
car falling straight into the pits when
dwight awakens he finds himself already
half sunk in the tar pit in front of him
are two mercenaries taking jackie's
severed head as proof to break the cop's
truce with old town dwight knows he
couldn't get out of the pits so he
resigns himself to death but just as
he's about to pass out mijo comes in and
pulls him out of the pit together with
the girls from old town she tells him
that gail has been taken dwight and mijo
then pursue the mercenaries mijo takes
out most of them and dwight goes after
the man with jackie's head as he flees
to the sewers just as he is about to
shoot him an explosion blasts dwight off
his feet the man comments that he mainly
uses explosions as his main weapon but
before he can make his move on dwight
miho steps in and kills him afterward
dwight hatch is a plan to get gail back
at the mob headquarters gail is furious
to discover that it was becky who
betrayed them becky was offered money
and freedom to give up gayle in old town
just then one of wahlen quest goons gets
shot by an arrow from the window the
arrow held a note that said old town
will trade gail for jackie's head out
back dwight waits atop a platform with
jackie's severed head in his hand he
looks over his wallend quest and his
goons file up in the narrow alleyway he
chose as the battlefield dwight then
gives jackie's head to wallonquist's man
and he gets gail back
suddenly dwight pulls out a remote and
pushes the button jackie's head explodes
throwing off the mob to their surprise
the women of old town appear from the
rooftops and they all rain down bullets
over the group all of them die except
for becky who managed to sneak her way
out
dwight and gail share a kiss over their
victory on the battlefield
and for the following days becky checks
out of the hospital and talks on the
phone with her mother she enters the
elevator and sees the salesman wearing a
doctor's outfit
the salesman hands her a cigarette
calling her by name becky abruptly hangs
up her phone and she immediately
understands her fate subscribe to watch
more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching